Add missing WPF memory improvement AppContext switches (#49535)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/configure-apps/file-schema/runtime/appcontextswitchoverrides-element.md

| Switch name | Description | Introduced |
|-------------|-------------|------------|
|`Switch.MS.Internal.`<br/>`DoNotApplyLayoutRoundingToMarginsAndBorderThickness`|Controls whether Windows Presentation Foundation uses legacy a algorithm for control layout. For more information, see [Mitigation: WPF Layout](../../../migration-guide/mitigation-wpf-layout.md).|.NET Framework 4.6|
|`Switch.MS.Internal.`<br/>`EnableCleanupSchedulingImprovements`|Controls whether improvements to cleanup scheduling in Windows Presentation Foundation are enabled. When set to `true`, enables improved cleanup scheduling to reduce memory usage and improve performance.|.NET Framework 4.7.2|

> |`Switch.MS.Internal.`<br/>`EnableWeakEventMemoryImprovements`|Controls whether memory improvements for weak event patterns in Windows Presentation Foundation are enabled. When set to `true`, enables memory improvements that reduce memory leaks related to weak event listeners.|.NET Framework 4.7.2|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Switch.MS.Internal.`<br/>`EnableCleanupSchedulingImprovements` | When set to `true`, improves the cleanup scheduling behavior of the weak-event pattern. | |
| `Switch.MS.Internal.`<br/>`EnableWeakEventMemoryImprovements` | When set to `true`, improves the memory allocation behavior of the weak-event pattern. | |
```
